CircumScope Design
CS50

For our project, we created a single Django app (named cs for "CircumScope") in 
    a single Django project (also named cs), primarily because we wanted to take 
    advantage of Python's unique capabilities as well as because Python is super 
    easy to use. We also felt that the learning curve for Django was smaller.

To get this website running, you will need to have Python installed (we used 2.7
    because I can't stand 3.x) and in your path as well as several modules. 
    If you don't have these, install them:
    (sudo) easy_install django
    (sudo) easy_install django-localflavor
To run, just cd into the folder with manage.py, and type "python manage.py 
    runserver" into the command line. Add "$IP:$PORT" if you're in something 
    like the CS50 IDE. 
    
Once the site is running, using it is very straightforward. The homepage is
    simple and contains some informational material. There is a button that 
    links to the search page, and the header bar contains links to the about
    page and the search page, too. 
    
The search page is where the site's main function takes place. The page contains
    11 different fields in which you can enter biographical information, such as
    first and last names, high school, university, hometown, and employer. You
    do not need to fill in every field, but filling in more fields provides a
    more comprehensive list of results. In addition, there is a button for you
    to add any other keywords you wish to include.
    
Once you click search, a loading icon will appear until the results are 
    displayed. This may take some time, depending on the number of fields you
    fill. The results page will include search results for a combination of
    the name and each field. At the end of the results page, you will get a 
    clickable list of keywords that the site extracts from the results above. 
    Clicking one of these results will open a google search with the results of
    that query. 
    